welcome to enterprise automotive systems
II a s we're a full-service automotive
component manufacturing company
headquartered in Warren Michigan with
two state-of-the-art facilities in
Saginaw at a time when manufacturers and
suppliers alike are seeking to extract
the most from their resources we're a
true solution provider it's one thing to
claim that title the proof of course is
in your performance we have the people
processes commitment and dedication to
make it happen here's a brief overview
of who we are and how we can help you
with your component and assembly efforts
at EAS we seek relationships not just
assignments anybody can be an
order-taker
in today's climate manufacturers need
partners they can trust we're that
partner who seeks the same outcomes as
our clients knowing that our success is
tied to theirs our goal is to provide
the best product under highly compressed
timelines that meet or exceed
requirements we attain this through our
excellence through innovation policy
it's the foundation for our continuous
improvement efforts which we put into
action each day likewise our mission
statement is more than just a statement
it guides our actions to exceed our
customers expectations by providing
quality products on time by optimizing
our resources and capabilities a
testament to this commitment is our to
Saginaw Michigan facilities
intended to address the requirements of
a client that requires large
state-of-the-art facilities close to
their manufacturing operations
Enterprise automotive systems built the
first Saginaw facility for the inline
6-cylinder block and had in a mere 40
weeks a sure sign that when we set our
sights on achieving an objective we get
it done for our client
this first Saginaw plant also machines
6.2 liter v8 engine blocks the second
Saginaw facility does super cubing
deburring washing and leak testing of
five point three and six liter v8 engine
blocks for the new fuel-efficient
displacement on-demand engines these
combined facilities total 130,000 square
feet and employ over 125 employees
providing EAS customers with more
value-added services in addition to
super cubing and leak testing of engine
blocks and cylinder heads it features
high volume machining centers and
transfer lines along with automated leak
testing lines as at each of our
facilities employees in Saginaw receive
extensive training on the latest
techniques and quality control methods
our company is in the planning stages of
building a fourth facility EAS Mexico
operations like our Saginaw facilities
this plant will super cube and leak test
engine blocks and cylinder heads for
large foundry corporations and vehicle
manufacturers our other presence is in
Warren Michigan here our four hundred
thousand square foot facility employs
350 people engaged in production
manufacturing design development and
prototyping it's also home to our
headquarters our warren facility
features an in-house machine tool design
and build department something few of
our competitors can match along with a
range of machining and assembly
processes like our Saginaw facilities
it's ts 16949 certified this gives us
and our customers total control over all
aspects of project management and
execution it's the only way we know
to guarantee product integrity these
skills are used to produce a range of
products including powertrain chassis
and suspension components engine mount
systems control arm and suspension link
assemblies steering knuckles intake and
exhaust manifolds engine blocks cylinder
heads and engine coolant crossover
assemblies
EAS provides engineering manufacturing
including on-site product design and
prototyping services on the
manufacturing front we manufacture and
assemble ductile and gray iron castings
as well as steel forgings we do the same
for all aluminum processors forged
permanent mold slurry on-demand squeezed
sand or high pressure diecast parts a
typical example of our capabilities is
the v8 water pump housing assembly which
has a highly automated machining and
assembly process and has 53 total
components the assembly is leak tested
and goes through laser inspection to
verify that 100% of the 53 components
have been assembled correctly before
it's approved for shipment to the engine
plant in short Enterprise automotive
systems is a total solutions provider on
all mentioned products in today's
climate automotive manufacturers depend
on partners to help them solve the
difficult challenge of turning out
world-class products EAS is a proven
full-service state-of-the-art supplier
to the biggest names in the industry our
component manufacturing and assembly
capabilities are world-class we can be
your partner on the road to success
give enterprise automotive systems the
chance to show you firsthand how
satisfied and successful you'll be